Richard Raad: Was responsible for the backend architecture and database integration for the project. His primary focus was implementing CRUD operations and establishing a secure connection to the Oracle 23ai database hosted on freesql.com utilizing the python-oracledb thick mode. He was responsible for normalizing the database schema as well as developing a complex role-based access control and session-based authentication systems.

Aiden Racelis: Was responsible for writing the documentation for the project, ensuring the team met the deliverable requirements. Leveraging his background in software development and time in design team deliverable writing, he translated the backend logic and database structures into clear reports. He detailed the system design from beginning to end as well as the entity relationship diagram explanations. 

Vissu Manchem: Was responsible to help Aiden with writing the documentation deliverables for the phases of the project. Vissu focused on organizing the structural components of the report into detailed tables and key sections. He ensured that we detailed the foreign keys, primary keys, and attributes were coherent and written down. He also wrote down the SQL queries that were served as examples in how the project worked. 

Siddharth Jain: Was responsible for implementing the frontend UI of the project, ensuring that the API requests from the backend were received by the frontend. With his background in website development, he built the HTML and CSS web pages with the communication of the Python Flask backend. He constructed the CRUD pages, live data tables, and reporting dashboards to show that POST requests were routing to the backend endpoints and there was feedback to the user. 

Claude: Served as the guidance of implementing the frontend and backend. Our team had the ideas and database schemas drawn out, but used Claude Opus to speed up our process and make our ideas come to life. It was also serving as a debugger with code that we wrote when the logic was not as expected.
